chore: delete and edit changesets (#7714)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/tabs-navigation-mode.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
---

> Added navigation variant to the `post-tabs` component, enabling anchor-based navigation. The component now automatically detects whether `post-tab-item` elements contain anchor links and switches between panels and navigation variants accordingly. The `aria-current="page"` attribute must be manually added to the anchor element representing the current page to ensure proper styling and accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added navigation variant to the `post-tabs` component, enabling anchor-based navigation. The component now automatically detects whether `post-tab-item` elements contain anchor links and switches between Content and Page variants accordingly. For Page Tabs variant, the `aria-current="page"` attribute must be manually added to the anchor element representing the current page to ensure proper styling and accessibility.
```
